Start page on JuliaCon Local Paris 2025 - from branch (#630)
JuliaCon/www.juliacon.org: local/paris2025/coc.md

We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Harassment includes offensive verbal comments, sexual images in public spaces, sustained disruption of talks or events, unwelcome sexual attention, advocating or encouraging any form of harassment. In general, we ask all participants to abide by the [Julia Community Standards](https://julialang.org/community/standards/).

Conference participants who violate these standards may be expelled from the conference at the discretion of the conference organizers. We expect all participants to comply immediately if asked to stop any harassing behavior.

## Enforcement

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers retain the right to take any necessary actions to maintain a welcoming environment for all attendees. This may include warning the offender or expulsion from the conference. Event organizers may also take action to address any disruptions or behaviors that create a hostile environment for participants. These rules apply to all platforms used for conference interactions, and we encourage participants to follow them even outside of event activities.

## Reporting

> If you experience or witness a violation of the Code of Conduct or would like to discuss an incident that has made you uncomfortable, please contact one of the [Discord](https://discord.gg/hYeUhkPKfD) admins or organizers, or use the email at [eindhoven@julialang.org](mailto:eindhoven@julialang.org). They may involve other event staff to ensure that your report is handled appropriately. We want to assure you that you will not be asked to confront anyone, and we will not disclose your identity without your permission.

Reviewer: Probably `eindhoven@julialang.org` is not the right email address.

Author: ```suggestion
If you experience or witness a violation of the Code of Conduct or would like to discuss an incident that has made you uncomfortable, please contact one of the organizers, or use the email at [paris25@julialang.org](mailto:paris25@julialang.org). They may involve other event staff to ensure that your report is handled appropriately. We want to assure you that you will not be asked to confront anyone, and we will not disclose your identity without your permission.
```

Author: @DilumAluthge can we use the new email?

> If you experience or witness a violation of the Code of Conduct or would like to discuss an incident that has made you uncomfortable, please contact one of the [Discord](https://discord.gg/hYeUhkPKfD) admins or organizers, or use the email at [eindhoven@julialang.org](mailto:eindhoven@julialang.org). They may involve other event staff to ensure that your report is handled appropriately. We want to assure you that you will not be asked to confront anyone, and we will not disclose your identity without your permission.

Reviewer 2: Discord admins? I think that is a hold over from an old conference.

We may want to refer to the Julia stewards and just paris25@julialang.org

Author: Copypaste gone wrong, I have corrected it
